feat: Add auth.disableUsernameChanges option to site config (#2231)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: CHANGELOG.md

### Added

- Added Docker-specific help text when running the Sourcegraph docker image in an environment with an sufficient open file descriptor limit.

> - Added `DisableUsernameChanges` to site configuration to prevent users from modifying their usernames after account creation.

Reviewer: `D` should be lowercase. (And below I will recommend renaming it altogether.)

> - Added `auth.disableUsernameChanges` to site configuration to prevent users from modifying their usernames after account creation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added `auth.disableUsernameChanges` to critical configuration to prevent users from changingg their usernames.
```
